Here, I'll step through the arm mover code and explain what's going on.
The included header files for arm mover are the
same as simple arm with the exception of one new file,
namely the GoToPosition header file,
which is the header file generated from
the GoToPosition service file that we created earlier.
Inside the C plus plus main function,
the arm mover node is initialized and
ros NodeHandle object n is instantiated to communicate with ros.
As we did earlier in the simple arm node,
two publisher objects are created to publish joint angles to the arm.
These objects are defined globally so
as to be easily accessible in all the other functions.
Next, the GoToPosition service is created with the node name followed by safe move.
Generally, you want to name your services with
the node name first to easily find them in large projects.
This service is defined with a handle safe move request callback function.
The callback function will be called when the service request is received.
The ros spin function simply blocks until a shutdown request is received by the node.
When a client sends a GoToPosition request to the safe move service,
either from the terminal or from a separate node,
the handle safe move request function is called.
The function parameter request is of type GoToPosition request,
and the service response parameter response is of type GoToPosition response.
This function passes the requested joint angles to the clamp at boundaries function.
The clamp at boundaries function is responsible for
enforcing the minimum and maximum joint angles for each joint.
If the joint angles passed in are outside of the operable range,
they will be clamped to the nearest allowable value.
The minimum and maximum joint angles are retrieved from
the parameter server each time clamp at boundaries is called.
The rest of this function simply clamp the joint angle if necessary.
Warning messages are logged if the requested joint angles are out of the bounds.
Then the handle safe move request function publishes the clamp joint angles to the arm.
The safe move service would be blocked for three seconds so
the arm has enough time to move to the requested position.
Finally, the safe move service returns a message indicating that
the arm has moved to its new position and displays the clamp joint angles.
Now that you have written the arm mover node,
the next step is to build the package,
launch the node, and then test it out by
interacting with the service via the command line.